Kreia? Oh... that is not her name.
I know you
not even the markings of the dark side can hide it.
She was a teacher once,
and every student that she trained...
has been a failure,
and brought death to the galaxy.
That is why Atris and the others blamed me,
sentenced me.
They believed me responsible for Revan's fall.
As a Padawan,
Revan was trained by Master Kae,
before she was exiled.
At one time, Revan was my Padawan.
In times past, long ago.
And it is said
that he went to his first - and final - master
to learn how to leave the order entirely,
as she had.
In the end, he turned back to me.
When he realized there was nothing more
to be learned from the Jedi
except how one could leave them forever.
Why have you done this?
I? Do you think I seek the death
of all living things?
There is no victory in such things.
I do not want to win our war like this,
little Jedi.
When I win,
I wish it to be because I was right,
my teachings true.
One quickly learns
that the Jedi code
does not give all the answers.
If you are to truly understand,
then you will need the contrast,
not adherence to a single idea.
It is to surrender yourself,
to make yourself a slave to a teaching or belief,
that makes it so that belief
will always rule you.
I do not understand why
she displays such disobedience.
You know why.
She bears the face of her mother.
The Jedi separate children from their parents
as they did you.
It is because family exerts
a powerful influence on one's development.
I never saw her face,
and she did not return from the final battle of the war.
She died in the battle that shattered Malachor V,
and her body was never recovered.
I knew her mother. She was a Jedi Knight
a master, named Arren Kae.
Jedi are forbidden to have children,
and when the crime finally came to light
almost a decade later, Kae was exiled.
She joined the Mandalorian Wars
after the shame of her birth was revealed.
I thought you had died in the Mandalorian Wars...
Die? No
became stronger, yes.
By whose judgment
should such truths be revealed?
I do not have such arrogant presumptions.
My father was Yusanis, an Echani general.
He left our family to serve in the Mandalorian Wars.
He went to join my mother,
one whose movements and spirit matched his.
And she was... said to be... a skilled warrior.
Beautiful. And strong in the Force.
The fact that our father chose battle is not shameful,
but that is not the reason he went to war.
He went to war to be with the one he loved,
but not the one he had pledged himself to.
He was disloyal.
I am the mark of that disloyalty.
It is said that such things run in the blood,
and I have fought long to prove
that this is not so.
If I were to follow a Jedi against Atris' wishes,
then I would be betraying her. For you.
Do you think to turn her from Atris' will?
If so, I hope your arrogance
will prove true in time.
As I followed Atris,
perhaps what I wished to follow
was the call of my bloodline,
of my mother.
I have felt incomplete, hollow,
since her loss at Malachor V...
and with your help,
perhaps this wound might be healed.
And so it ends.
I want you to teach me the ways of the Force.
To become a Jedi Knight like my mother.
Betrayal
(Telepathically) Kreia: Betrayal
Mistress?
She has betrayed me...
the last of your sisters has betrayed me.
Betrayed us.
She is your sister no more.
She has chosen to walk
the path of the Jedi.